okay it's beer o'clock on me ll craft
beer today we got a homebrew from Poland
this was kindly given to me I don't know
10 o'clock at night in a bar in Poland
and it is American pale fucking ale it's
75 IBUs 4.4 percent ABV nice I work on
the label it has citrus Simcoe mosaic
and yeah it's an american-style beer I
don't think the whole Brewers been I
think it's just a bit of fun I really
don't think it's a nastiness towards
American parallels or American beer
American beer is massive in Poland I
think it's just a bit of funny to play
on words let's get a beer out
so beer in the glass nice carbonation
look at that fizzing away nicely it's a
little hazy but I could very well be the
hops
it's a two-finger whitehead let's get to
your Roma and blimey wow that's really
got my saliva glands going that is
fantastically hoppy loads of American
hops in here shining through
I mentioned it I mentioned that on the
back of the bar that edit the simcoe's
all the different hops on the back so we
know this but the aroma is fantastically
hoppy grapefruit a citrusy mango let's
dive in Cheers
oh and stone the crows stone the crows
what a fantastic hop bomb of a beer this
is whoo and again this is a home brew a
home brew with loads of hops which could
quite frankly have come from some of the
best breweries in the world this beer
has great balance it's multi there's a
lot of hops in here it's refreshing it's
4.4 percent ABV which means there's not
an awful lot of Multan into this beer to
get the the alcohol level up high so
it's very refreshing it's quite thin
drinkable but then with that drink
ability with our freshness and that kind
of drink ability you've got a massive
whack of hops I think it's very clever I
think it's very clever while this home
brews come up with
this gentleman who gave me the beer
drove for one end of Poland to the other
to get to this beer festival to have a
good time to have a drink and to give us
this beer quite frankly I want him to
drive to the UK to bring me some all
it's bloody great rating do I rate this
beer yeah why not why not this beer is
stupendously good it's really really
good any of our nine out of ten nine out
of ten from real ale craft beer American
pale fucking ale go and try it put your
covers in the comments box please
subscribe to our daily peer reviews and
Cheers